# Understanding Help Channels

We have two diffent kind of help channels in community - **Topical help
channels** and **general help channels**. Where you should go depends on what
you need help with.

## Topical help channels

The topical help channels are used if your question is doesn't fit into general
help channels, or you have a specific problem with popular packages or bundlers,
as an example `#electron-builder` or `#electron-forge`.

![Topical Help Channels](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24681191/103448593-c2ba3080-4cac-11eb-9553-3ad587b964ff.png)

Some of the topical help channels have a broad scope, so they can cover many
(somewhat) related topics. For example, `#electron-forge` and
`#electron-packager` contain the maintainer of the project, which can help you.

## General help channels

This is a great choice for a generic Electron questions, and a good choice if
you need an answer. It's prticulary important to
[ask good questions](asking-good-questions.md) when asking in these chanenls, or
you risk not getting an answer and having your help channel be claimed by
someone else.

### How to claim a channel

There are always 2 available help channels waiting to be claimed in the
`Help: Open` category.

![Available Help Channels](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24681191/103448612-057c0880-4cad-11eb-886b-17695a096395.png)

In order to claim one, simple start typing you question into one of these
channels. Once your question has been posted, you have claimed the channel, and
the channel will be moved down to the `Help: Busy` category.

![Ready to claim message](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24681191/103448645-6c99bd00-4cad-11eb-80f9-656060d84ed9.png)

_This message is always posted when a channel becomes avaiable to use._

If you're unable to type into these channels, this means you're currently **have
cooldown**. In order to prevent someone from claiming all the channels for
themselves, **we only allow someone to claim a new help channel before closing
older**.

### For how long is the channel mine?

The channel is yours until it has been inactive for **10 hours**, or send
`/close` to close the channel earlier. When this happens, we move the channel
down to the `Help: Dormant` category, and make the channel read-only. After a
while, the channel will be rotated back into `Help: Open` for the next question.
Please try to resist the urge to continue _bumping_ the channel so that it never
gets marked as inactive. If nobody is answering your question, you should try to
reformulate the question to increase your chances of getting help.

![Dormant Help Channel](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24681191/103448674-f053a980-4cad-11eb-8304-f7dc4f4f1e19.png)

_You'll see this message in your channel when the channel is marked as
inactive._
